Hiking signs are common where I come from Missing them in minetest.
Not any more! :-)

Signs are applied to rocks, tree trunks, walls. And where there are no objects
to apply them to, often poles are used to mark the path. (Very useful in
winter.) There are four common colours used: red, blue, yellow and green. Red
and blue are mostly used for longer tracks, while yellow and green for local
ones or to connect blues and reds.


Signs:

To craft a sign apply this simple recipe:

    white dye
    colour dye
    white dye

To craft 6 arrows add more of the same colour dye as in:

    sign  sign
    sign  sign  more dye
    sign  sign

and:

              sign  sign
    more dye  sign  sign
              sign  sign

To craft 2 end signs:

sign sign

Three directional signs of the same colour can be recycled back to basic
signs when crafting together with a white dye.


Poles:

To craft a sign that can be put on a pole, craft:

    sign
    sign

for a thick pole (cobblestone wall) or for a thin pole (wooden fence) craft:

    sign
    sign
    sign

Then put the result onto the pole and it attaches.
This works only for non-directional signs.


Sign variants:

Educational path

    sign
         sign

Local route

    sign sign
         sign

Branch towards a castle

   sign
   sign sign

Branch towards a touristic curiosity

         sign
    sign sign sign

Branch towards a peak

         sign
         sign
    sign sign sign

Branch towards a spring

    sign      sign
         sign

Each variant can be recycled to basic signs.


Describe:

Oh, and by the way, right clicking the sign one can add a path id. Yes, hiking
trails have an id here.


-- Martian


License:
Sourcecode: WTFPL (see below)
Graphics: WTFPL (see below)

See also:
http://minetest.net/

         DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
                    Version 2, December 2004

 Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar <sam@hocevar.net>

 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim or modified
 copies of this license document, and changing it is allowed as long
 as the name is changed.

            DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

  0. You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO. 
